Cleanup of cannned responses (#76689)
ansible/ansible: hacking/ticket_stubs/bug_misunderstanding.md

   * THING THREE

> In the future, this might be a topic more well suited for the user list or chat channels.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the future, this might be a topic better suited for the user list or chat channels.
```

Because this project is very active, we're unlikely to see comments made on closed tickets and we lock them after some time.

> The mailing list and irc are great ways to ask questions, or post if you don't think this particular issue is resolved.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The mailing list and chat channels are great ways to ask questions, or post if you don't think this particular issue is resolved.
```

> See  this page for a complete and up to date list of communication channels and their purposes:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
See  this page for a complete list of communication channels and their purposes:
```
